New Data Source: `azurerm_key_vault_secret_versions` (#27393)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/key_vault_secret_versions.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Key Vault"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_key_vault_secret_versions"
description: |-
  Get a list of versions for an existing Key Vault Secret.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_key_vault_secret_versions

> Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Secret's versions. The secret version values is not included. The `key_vault_secret` data source can be used to retrieve the value of a given secret version using it's `id`.

Reviewer: With the introduction of ephemeral resources we might want to point users towards the ephemeral resource instead of the data source
```suggestion
Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Secret's versions. The secret version values are not included. The `azurerm_key_vault_secret` ephemeral resource can be used to retrieve the value of a given secret version using it's `id` without storing the information in state. Alternatively the `azurerm_key_vault_secret` data source can be used to retrieve this information, but will store this information in state.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_key_vault" "example" {
  name                = "mykeyvault"
  resource_group_name = "some-resource-group"
}

data "azurerm_key_vault_secret_versions" "example" {
  name         = "mysecret"
  key_vault_id = data.azurerm_key_vault.example.id
}

output "versions" {
  value = data.azurerm_key_vault_secret_versions.example.versions
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `key_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Key Vault containing the secret.

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the Key Vault Secret to retrieve versions from.
> 
> ---
> 
> * `max_results` - (Optional) Maximum number of versions to retrieve. Defaults to `25`.

Reviewer: A space here is sufficient
```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Key Vault Secret to retrieve versions from.

* `max_results` - (Optional) Maximum number of versions to retrieve. Defaults to `25`.
```
